[Music]
sir just what are we facing here it
actually started on the timer that's
crazy a relic of the old world ready
your men Captain we will only get one
chance and remember when you hear the
Whispers call for help do not
attack when you heard the
Whispers what do you think he was on
about it's dman right uh lower yeah then
dman shut your damn
mouth why do I always get stuck with
these
Ries hey the kid's got a mean cleave
give them a chance
quiet po cinematic
[Applause]
does Poe do a lot of
cinematics I think I've only seen one
two one or two I feel like I've only
seen one or two a mean cleave a captain
rookie can't even lift his own
sword Captain Orin
Captain it's here rain send the
signals what the [ __ ] rain f
[Music]
bomb on my back will be blade up come on
come on I'm ready I'm ready
it's a man no it's
[Music]
not run
captain
captain are
over why are you here
what is
this Humanity isn't
ready on your feet
lad
sir the captain I you'll be fine here
what is
this get the body stop
it can still be
contained you don't know what you have
un your kind no longer control this
world we cannot destroy your body it's
true but you will watch as we destroy
everything you have
built find
him feed grow my child I'll make sure
you can eat your fill
[Music]
I can't tell who the bad guy is is it
the human or is it that guy with the
feet what's up with feet what's up with
the cinematics these days they keep
including feet you know what I'm
[Music]
saying they keep including feet that's
cool hi hello I'm Jonathan Rogers game
director on path of xile 2 now path of
xile 2 is going into Early Access in
around 2 weeks on December the 6th but
even though it's early access this isn't
just some small test the game is huge in
this live stream we're going to be
introducing everything you can expect so
without further Ado let's roll the
Gameplay
trailer existence is a thing of
beauty
precious but
impermanent life and death are mortal
enemies and yet bound to one
another the continuation of Life must be
protected at all
costs some have
said my methods are
brutal to this I say
there can be no
salvation without sacrifice
[Applause]
[Music]
we are faced with the end the New
Movement interesting and I will do what
I
[Music]
must I see no difference n poe2 is like
a completely different game they're
going for a different they're going to
both make poe2 and poe1 at the same time
for two different styles of
players let them soon be acquainted with
it what the [ __ ] now as you just saw
even in Early Access path of XL 2 is a
big game it's actually been 5 years
since we announced pee2 and over that
time we' revealed a lot but it's been in
bits and pieces it's pretty hard to keep
track of it all so today we're going to
do a full rundown of all the content
that will be available at the start of
Early Access classes character
progression systems and for the first
time a full overview of the end game
this is going to be a big one so get
comfortable for 20 years Ray clast has
been free from any sources of corruption
but the count of augum tempted by
Promises of power intends to harness it
once more the dead are rising monsters
are mutating and Madness is spreading
under the dark influence of corruption
the count calls out sentences of death
to any who would question
[Applause]
him and this is where you find yourself
at the start of
poe2 explore the dark forests of augum
Traverse the
baron
hey hey
desert right oh is that the stream delve
into the jungle ruins of UT an ancient
Val
City ohen Tech issues no oh it's just
the worst that's so unluck monsters
hidden rooms that's so unlucky lost
camps and treasures oh no roaming
merchants and of course unique bosses no
two areas are the same
no their stream is lagging for unlikely
BB oh I feel so bad dude I feel so bad
this is so out of their
[Music]
control is there a YouTube stream first
you need to pick a
class now Early Access will initially
have six classes available they don't
have a yoube stream the monk is a fast
and furious melee fighter he dashes in
and out of combat and his mechanics
involve building up and keeping
momentum like all classes in P2 want to
use a wide variety
internet man
[ __ ] oh I feel so
bad can they restart the broadcast you
will first need to find skill gems using
a skill gem will open the gem cutting
menu which shows all the active skills
available in P2 you can choose an
existing they have an overlay for
technical
difficulties br
[Laughter]
brilliant good stuff honestly rather
than keeping the show going which most
people would this is a good call sit
back dial it back let the internet the
New Zealand internet let the New Zealand
internet settle you
know streaming on YouTube wouldn't make
a difference by the way this is clearly
a this this is obviously a dropping
frames issue like I've seen this I mean
I see all I see this all the time when
you're in is just dropping your frames
are skipping your frames are dropping
and then you can't do anything so it'd
be the same thing on YouTube they kind
of just need to wait until their
internet's kind of
stable and then load it back up is there
a promotion with Prime look at how many
prime Subs there are this is
insane holy
[ __ ] holy [ __ ]
could the subs be making it lag no no
that's not possible their internet's
just having technical difficulties
that's
all it looks like it's fixed now though
they're going to probably give it like a
solid minute or two to see if they're
dropping any frames and then they're
kind of get back to it oh look how many
people are sponsored and stuff on my
left here to to Pro oh
man that's okay these things happen it
sucks when they happen but you get
by drops enabled maybe that's why I kind
of want to sub myself oh I'm already
subscribed I think someone gifted me a
sub how do I make it dark mode
[Music]
sir just what are we facing
here they restarted the stream
precious those power intends to harness
we're
back there are 21 active skills for
quarter staves so this just scratches
the surface of the options that you have
by in game you'll be dashing from pack
to pack they need to go back a little
more but where you find there pe2 good
stuff good stuff explore the Dark Forest
of that's awesome Traverse the barren
Plains of the AER desert it's not
awesome that they're having Jung ruin of
an ancient city
flexible there are challenging monsters
hidden rooms lost camps and treasures
roaming merchants and of course unique
bosses no two areas are the
same it falls to you to track down the
seed of corruption the source of all
this
Devastation on the way you'll face
fearsome Monsters Meet strange
characters Forge unlikely bonds and
cover lost
civilizations but first you'll need to
pick a class
yes now Early Access will initially have
six classes available let's have a look
at them the monk is a fast and furious
melee fighter he dashes in and out of
combat and his mechanics that involve
building up and keeping
momentum like all classes in po2 you'll
want to use a wide variety of skills to
mix and match different
combos to get new skills you will first
need to find skill gem
using a skill gem will open the gem
cutting menu which shows all the active
skills available in poe2 you can choose
an existing skill to level up or choose
to engrave a new one since this is a
level seven skill gem even if you pick a
new skill it will immediately be level
seven so there's no harm on trying out
something new the monk primarily uses
the cter staff there are three skools of
martial arts
lightning
ice and
wind but don't think you have to stick
to just one the best combos are going to
involve mixing elements of all three fun
let's try killing Palm like many monk
skills this can be used to quickly take
advantage of a specific situation if
there's an enemy on low life you can use
killing Palm to dash to them and kill
them instantly this will provide a power
charge then we can use a different skill
to consume that power charge for a much
more devastating attack the monk also
has powerful combo skills Tempest Bell
for example is a skill that places a
giant resonating Bell hitting the Bell
causes it to ring dealing damage to All
Enemies around it you can also do things
like freeze or shock the Bell which will
add Elemental damage to the
strikes the monk also has a variety of
abilities to empower his staff if an
enemy is close to being stunned you can
use staggering Palm to punch them down
after that any attack you do will shoot
out wind
projectiles no flasks flasks flasks not
classes flasks so this just scratches
the surface of the options that you have
by ing game you'll be dashing from pack
to pack spewing projectiles and
obliterating screens of enemies with
huge combo
attacks you don't need a Pio a style of
Mele that's a little slow but much
harder than the warrior is he pounds the
ground with big chunky attacks and shrug
off the hits of small enemies with large
amounts of armor even though the mace
Slams are slow you never lose control
longer attacks can be retargeted as you
go and if you find yourself committed to
a long attack Dodge all out of it at any
time among the skill option for maces
you'll find a variety of slams fire
attacks war cries and shield
skills here I'm going to slam the ground
rening it apart with lines of fire any
slam skill will then cause these fishes
to erupt with lava I can even run
through them with a skill like Stampede
to do huge amounts of
damage that's the warrior can also doing
interesting gaml
style it seems more stamp counts as a
slam more
if you want to go a little faster and be
a little more defensive equip a shield
in pee2 you can raise your Shield at any
time to block all damage from the front
even
spells while holding up your Shield your
stun meter will build as you take damage
so be careful if it reaches 100% your
stance will break and you will be
vulnerable some enemies also have
unblockable attacks which are indicated
by this red flash if you see one of
these coming make sure to dodge out of
the
way using a shield or Al gives you
access to Shield skills like Shield
charge which allows you to charge
towards enemies and St them while
charging you're also blocking the whole
you damage from the
front the warrior also has access to
totems some totems have built-in
abilities like Shockwave totem which can
be placed to stun nearby enemies and
Trigger aftershocks like those from the
earthquake but you can also get
ancestral Warrior totems which allow you
to use any slam skill in your
repertoire this is a meta skill which
means that it's a skill you can put
other skills into I can take a slam like
Su and socket it into my ancestral
Warrior totem now when I summon him
he'll sit there and slam the monsters
from a distance
badass badass there are 20 active skills
for maces so there's a lot more to try
out but by end game you're going to be
dropping hammers from the sky leaping
fearlessly into combat and separating
the very Earth you stand
on time for some ranged attacks the
ranger is primarily about the bow but we
wanted to make sure that she feels agile
as well and PE we two you can shoot
while moving combined with all the
skills the ranger has that allow you to
jump around you'll have a lot of
mobility in
combat bow skills have a variety of
lightning poison ice and physical
attacks lightning attacks bounce around
between targets you can also stick
lightning arrows in the ground which
explode when hit by the bouncers or
electrocute enemies to take them out of
combat ice attacks all to slow and
freeze enemies to keep them away from
you
using poison not only can you slowly
damage your enemies from afar but also
grow some interesting
plants with 21 bow skills and all the
mobility and combo tools the ranger has
you can take advantage of every
situation by end game you'll be creating
hundreds of arrows be they falling from
the sky bouncing around between enemies
or spraying out of
tornadoes you might have noticed in the
bottom left of the screen that the flask
slots look a little different in Pee 2
you have one dedicated life flask slot
and one Mana flask slot flasks gain
charges as you kill enemies and
typically allow you to heal six or seven
times if they're fa but that's not the
only thing you can use charges for
charms are a new item type that will
automatically defend you from various
debuffs or damage types having trouble
with getting Frozen equip a thoring
charm when it's fully charged it will
make you immune to freeze from 3 seconds
if you get Frozen to recharge them just
kill more
monsters you can you can gain more slots
for charms by upgrading your
belt the mercenary wields a crossbow
that can be loaded with different ammo
types offering versatility power and
Mobility all classes and path of XL2 can
be controlled with WD which makes this
class play exactly like a shooter for
the crossbow you will find skills that
work like shotguns sniper rifles assault
rifles and even grenade launchers but
not only that there are a wide variety
of more interesting Elemental ammos too
it's very fast to switch between ammo
types so long as you already have them
loaded which makes the mercenary able to
combo abilities together for devastating
effect use glacial bolt to create walls
of ice to separate enemies then switch
to fragmentation rounds to explode the
ice deive AE damage if I come across I
could use armor piercing rounds to break
their armor and then High Velocity
rounds to take them down or perap I can
fire a gasen to poison enemies before
detonating the cloud with an explosive
shot for massive
damage if you want to call in some
suppressing fire you can summon
artillery bists these have a minimum
range so you'll want to prepare your
position carefully before moving
in there are 22 active skills for
crossbows by end game you'll be calling
destruction down from the sky as you
litter the battlefield With Grenades and
peff your enemies with your Automatic
Shotgun If you're looking to take a back
seat and let your minions do the work
then the wit should be your choice she
can call forth hordes of Undead monsters
to fight for her while casting powerful
chaos spells that debilitate her
enemies Ault skills are some of the most
varied in the game with skeletons
noxious spells specialty minions curses
and sacrificial magic before we talk
about minions we'll have to talk about a
new resource in path of XL 2 called
spirit this is a spirit gem which allows
you to pick from a range of persistent
skills all classes have a variety of
these skills which can add some very
interesting effects like Arctic armor
which does cold damage to enemies that
hit you or raging Spirits which summon
fiery skulls each time you cast a fire
spell for the witch though we'll want to
be using our spirit to create permanent
minions these minions will be revived
automatically when they die so you don't
have to worry about resummoning them all
the
time here I'm using the skill screen to
allocate which minions I would like in
my horde you can see the spirit cost of
each one skeletal Warriors are cheap but
weak useful for tanking damage and
distracting enemies
but I want more Heavy Hitters in my Army
so I'm going to unsummon some Warriors
and a Shad at skeletal
arsonists permanent minions come with
special active abilities called command
skills you can order these guys to
detonate your own minions for even more
damage and a of effect if you want a
bigger Army you'll need a scepter this
new weapon type is imbued with even more
Spirit allowing you to summon even more
friends and if you want an even bigger
Army than that you can take advantage of
corpses to summon true hordes of minions
but what can a witch do while her Army
is at work well she has a range of chaos
spells to spread disease amongst your
enemies or bone skills to impale them or
you know you could curse them to make we
your abilities is awesome there are 25
active occult skills by the end game
you'll be the leader of a fearsome Army
of the Dead consuming everything in its
path the Sorceress bends the elements to
her will using them to unleash
Devastation on her foes this classic
spellcaster weaves a flurry of Al
look how cool this looks you're not
standing still everything you might
expect and
more storms you get moving around and
blowing each spell is unique and has
many different ways to build and combo
with others even between different
elements for example flame wall conjures
a burning line that not only damages
enemies but also empowers all
projectiles that pass through it if you
place a wall and fire lightning Sparks
through it they'll gain extra fire
damage it's a good idea to take
advantage of the ability to autom ically
swap weapons when you use certain skills
having a special staff with bonuses to
fire skills and another with bonuses to
lightning skills can really power up a
combo like this the Sorceress can also
take advantage of powerful trigger gems
for example you could grab the Caston
ignite Gem and use it with Firestorm as
you ignite enemies a counter will go up
in the top left corner when it's full a
firestorm will automatically be cast to
the enemy that was
ignited there are 25 active Elemental
skills by end game you'll be be firing
off projectiles left and right you down
your they're fine dude [ __ ] the other
class I might be doing this those are
the characters that will be available at
the start of Early Access but we will be
adding six more character classes with
just as many skills and options as these
there's a lot more to
come there's one more important thing to
mention about skills even though we talk
about them as belong to each class in
reality there are no restrictions you
can use all these skills on any class so
long as you have the
attributes for example a poison Ranger
might want to try out using occult
curses to increase her poison damage mon
might want to trigger Elemental ice
walls to use with his glacial Cascade
combo the possibilities for cross-class
combos are practically unlimited we're
looking forward to what kind of things
you guys might find now path of Exel is
a game known for build customization and
we haven't even scratched the surface of
what is possible
yet so let's talk about support
gems path of XL2 has a system of support
gems that can be combined with your
active skills to dramatically change the
way they work if you find a support gem
then right clicking it will open up this
screen here you will find a variety of
recommended support gems for each of
your skills that you can pick between
for example this is a multiple
projectile support gem can be used to
add multiple projectiles to any skill
normally when you fire a grenade it'll
look like
this but if we add multiple projectiles
then you get three of them once you have
the Gen you can also freely move it
between any of the skills in your
character
if you want to have a multi-shot sniper
rifle instead then simply move the gem
over to your high velocity round skill
generally speaking if it sounds like a
support gem should work with a skill
then it will work so it's a good idea to
experiment note that you can only have
one of each support gem on your
character so you'll want to think
carefully about which supports can be
used best with each skill for maximum
damage now if you want to stick to the
recommendations you should have a
perfectly good time but if you want to
experiment a bit more then uncheck that
recommended button and you can see the
full list of supports that will work
with your skill there are hundreds of
support gems to choose from and even we
don't know the results of all the
possible ways these can interact each
skill can have up to five supports
socketed into it and if you're clever
you can come up with some pretty
interesting ideas now all of this is
just scratching the surface you can make
Frost vortexes break people's armor make
minions explode make skills
repeat make enemies set each other on
fire C enemies or pin them to the
ground supports let you drastically
change the behavior of your skills and
create your own unique build or at least
follow someone's OP build guide So
speaking of builds let's talk about one
of the most iconic Path of Exile systems
the passive skill tree yes it's huge
there are over, 1500 nodes on there now
a lot of people open the tree and can
get a little intimidated at first follow
try not to be scared there are lots of
options but at its follow build please
each level you get one point to put into
the tree each class starts at a
different location but they all share
the same tree around your section of the
tree you'll find relevant bonuses for
your character you should be safe in the
knowledge that there aren't many wrong
choices here almost all the starting
nodes will be useful for your character
in some way but if you do happen to make
a choice you regret you'll be able to
Respec any nodes you've taken by
spending a little bit of
gold now the tree is generally divided
up into clusters which have similar
themes and each cluster you will find
small nodes that give simple bonuses
like increased damage but the real power
comes from
notables notables normally have much
more interesting bonuses and they tend
to care a lot more about how your build
works and what skills you're using for
example in the mercenary area of the
tree this one gives a 25% chance for
crossbow skills to not consume a
bolt and here's one that gives grenades
a chance to blow up a second
time this one gives a chance of
projectiles to rebound off Terrain as
well as giving you some Pierce chance to
make that more likely note that even
though this is in the mercenary section
this would work with projectiles from
all classes so there are often reasons
to go to different areas of the
tree in order to get between these
clusters you will generally have to
allocate nodes in the attribute highways
attribute nodes allow you to pick which
attribute you would like to use so it's
very easy to get points for any
attribute that your gear might need you
can change which attribute these nodes
give you for half price at the Respec
vendor
in addition to notables you will also
find even larger passives called
keystones keystones have both an upside
and a downside and often require
changing your entire build to design
around them a great example is Giants
blood which allows you to wield two hand
weapons and a single hand but doubles
the attribute requirements of them you
can use a twohand mace with a shield or
even dual wield
them bad ass they has have about Mind
Over mattera which makes all damage go
to your Mana pool first before your life
pool but you lose 50% of your Mana
region skills like these can be tough to
build around but if you're up for the
challenge they can be very
rewarding as we showed you earlier on
the Sorceress you can swap between
weapon sets on the fly as you use
certain skills one of the new features
in path of XL 2's passive tree is that
you can choose to have your passive tree
change as you switch between weapon sets
to take advantage of specific bonuses on
the tree oh my God for the Sorceress you
might to change between
specialization oh my God or you could
switch between one hand and a two hand
setup in order to be able to block boss
attacks while following up with heavy
hits from your bigger mace or perhaps
you could have a full curse setup on
your witch to debuff enemies before
switching to a chaos DJ build for
maximum
damage if you want to stick with just
one weapon set you can just use these
specialization points as bonus points to
invest however you like but creative
players will find plenty of
opportunities with this system
you can get weapon specialization points
throughout the campaign from optional
bosses and Quests for example if I
manage to defeat the crow Bell I'll get
a weapon specialization book there are
lots of other permanent boosts available
from the campaign 2 on the map you can
see icons that indicate the many
optional encounters you can find some of
them have permanent character boosts and
others have powerful items if you're
having trouble getting past a boss it
might be a good idea to explore and see
what you can find First for example if
you defeat black jaw The Remnant you'll
gain a permanent increase to fire
resistance one of the most important
finds are Spirit bonuses you can find
the first one here in the canopy par a
little bit defeat the boss in this area
to acquire a permanent addition of
spirit the permanent Buffs you gain from
Spirit are very powerful and every class
will find a use for them so make sure
you hunt down these upgrades there's one
in each act now we haven't even talked
about the most important element of
character progression items that's why
we're all here right
items in Path of Exile can be broken
down into four Rarity groups normal
magic rare and
unique one of the things you're going to
want to do as you play through the
campaign is upgrade the items you find
and you can do that with currency items
an orb of transmutation will allow you
to upgrade a normal item to a magic item
with one mod you can then apply an orb
of augmentation to add a second mod then
use a Regal orb to add a third mod and
upgrade it to a rare finally you can use
some exalted orbs to add more mods to to
your rare to a total of six
mods one of the things we think is
really important is to make these
options available to use as you play all
the items that add mods are much more
common than they were in part of XL one
so that you can use them throughout your
campaign playthrough cool we want you to
find things on the ground that can be
crafted into upgrades much more
frequently love that I love that as well
as making the drop rates on these items
much more common you can also get them
by disenchanting unwanted gear at the
magic item vendor if you disenchant
magic items you can build up to an or of
trans gearing up my character as I play
not just like getting a gear set
blasting the campaign it is going and
shopping
it slite runes placed in them that add
more mods to the item if I insert this
glacial Rune into my helmet that will
give extra cold resistance this is a
great way to solve problems that you
have with your build like resistances or
damage if you find socketed items that
you don't have a use for you can take
them to the Salvage bench in town to
work towards artifices or this will
allow you to add sockets to your
existing items body armors and twoand
weapons can have up to two sockets while
the rest of your armor and oneand
weapons can only have one socket the
simplification is nice you can also
Salvage items with quality to create it
like scraps Stones these will allow you
to increase the quality of your items
for an up to 20% boost yeah this game's
free if you don't want to disenchant or
Salvage your items you can always sell
them for gold gold can be used to buy
items from vendors and we've tried to do
a lot to make sure that the the items
they have for sale are actually useful
every time you level up they get more
stock so make sure to check back often
other vendors offer a gamble pay a flat
amount of gold and you'll get a random
item of a specific type this could be a
great way to improve your gear if you're
lucky gold is also used to Respec your
passive skills take advantage of the
system to experiment with your tree and
rework it as required this is the other
thing you might want to use gold for is
the currency exchange this allows you to
exchange currency items with other
players open market in exchange for a
small gold fee now all items in Path of
Exile are freely tradable we never bind
anything to your character except
gold now most gear and path of exalto is
randomly generated but there's another
type that isn't uniques they are
especially rare each with a handcrafted
set of unusual mods which can
dramatically change a character's build
they're not just better rare items they
can do much stranger things that can fun
mentally change your
character corpse Wade will make any
corpses you run through explode into
clouds of poison what the Sands of silk
is a body armor that changes your Dodge
roll into a blink morphing you into sand
as you teleport past your foes and of
course some uniques are just pure hits
of dopamine like quill rain which just
turns your bow attacks into full auto by
doubling your attack
speed each unique is something that you
can build your character around we try
to make sure that most unique items have
a potential use in game even if you find
them early on and as you can see every
single unique item comes with custom art
to
match the last character progression
system that you can do during the
campaign is
Ascension starting an act two you will
come across Ascension trials tests that
you must complete to unlock your
Ascension class we'll explain these
trials soon but first let's take a look
at what ascending can do for your
character each class has access to three
ascendency classes but at the start of
Early Access only two per class will be
available
okay ascendency classes are unique to
each character class so Choose Wisely
they can drastically affect how you
build your
character as a sorceress you could
become a storm Weaver a master of the
elements Tempest caller causes Elemental
storms to be summoned each time you do a
critical hit with a
spell with strike twice you can stack
two copies of shock for more damage and
going deeper into the tree you can make
all your damage types Supply shock make
a shock build from any skill
alternatively you could become a
chronomancer and command time itself she
literally has the ability to stop time
with time freeze not only that but she
has many other time manipulation
abilities using temporal Rift she can
teleport back to her previous location
resetting her life and Mana back to what
it was or with time snap she can reset
all her cool downs and cast all her
spells
again interesting on the warrior you can
choose between the warbringer or the
Titan the warbringer channels the might
of his ancestors to gain tremendous
power using answered call you can summon
ancestral Spirits linked to each of your
totems with Jade Heritage you can encase
your body in a protective layer that
absorbs all damage Until It
Breaks War caller's bow allows you to
explode the corpses of your enemies and
with Great Wolf's howl you can ignore
the cooldowns of your war cries let all
that anger
out the Titan class is all about hitting
big with earthbreaker every slam has a
chance to create an
Aftershock with crushing impacts every
hit becomes a crushing blow which will
allow you to stun your enemies with
ease with surprising strength you can
take advantage of stunned enemies to
deal 40% more
damage as a ranger you might choose to
be a dead ey expert markswoman who can
take down bows with
style with endless Munitions every
attack gains an extra
projectile with Gathering winds she
gains a small increased a movement speed
with every attack but be careful she
loses them when getting
hit with eagle eyes she will never miss
allowing you to stop wasting all those
passer points on
accuracy alternatively you could become
a Pathfinder the master of flasks and
poison she can choose from one of
several throwable concoctions allowing
her to spend her flask charges to throw
explosive bottles deal VAR of damage a
bleeding concoction will make your
enemies bleed while a fulminating one
can shock your en allowing you to do
extra damage this one looks lame you
just throw flasks contagious
contamination allows her to spread
poisons between her foes while
overwhelming toxicity doubles the number
of stacks they can be infected
by running assault allows her to move
much more quickly while firing while
Relentless Pursuit makes her totally
immune to being slowed by
enemies the witch can Ascend into the
infernal or the blood Mage as an
infernal she can summon a loyal
hellhound companion the hellhound sets
enemies on fire as well as taking a
percentage of the damage if the infernal
gets hit with pyromantic packed you can
turn your Mana into infernal flame as
you cast more spells the flame builds up
and if it overflows you'll take
damage using bringer of flame you'll
want to make sure you keep the Flames
topped up while your infernal flame is
above 30% all damage from you and your
minions will ignite enemies that's fine
that's fun she can also transform into a
literal demon while in demon form she
takes an increased amount of damage but
her cast speed and damage increase
rapidly as well so if you're planning on
transforming into a demon make sure you
stack a lot of Life
recovery she can also become a blood
Mage a master of life and energy all
blood Mages must pay the price of making
skills cost life as well as man but in
exchange every monster they kill will
drop life remnants which allow them to
quickly gain back that
life with Crimson power she can gain
large amounts of extra life and with
Vitality siphon and she can use her
spells to leech life back as well fun
once you've got a significant amount of
life you can use G Spike to make your
critical hit steel incredible amounts of
damage a monk who is in tune with the
elements might become an invoker with
elemental expr create waves elemental
power each time Critical with faith as a
choice you gain the ability to meditate
allowing you to double your energy
Shield choose between I am the Blizzard
or I am the Thunder to specialize in
cold or lightning
and I shall rage will allow you to turn
into an Unbound
Avatar each time you apply a status
ailment to an enemy you gain Unbound
Fury when you have enough transform into
an avatar to deal way more damage and
inflict even
more some monks choose to reach into the
darkness instead the acolyte of Chola
can exchange their Mastery of spirit for
Darkness a resource that can be utilized
to both absorb and deal damage the
shroud of Darkness will protect you from
all damage Inc coming but if you take
grasp of the Void you will deal extra
chaos damage from all the darkness you
have their dark packed offers greatly
increased resistances to chaos damage
and can allow their Mana Le to not only
happen instantly but apply to their
energy Shield as well another node you
can take is waking dream which allows
you to see into the domain of the breach
demons there you will see the Flames of
Chula that can be taken to gain life
mana and
damage the mercenary has a to do but
which job suits you you might choose to
become a witch
hunter obsessive rituals will give you a
sorcery Ward allowing you to defend
yourself against Elemental hits in
exchange for Less defense against
attacks with zealous Inquisition your
enemies have a 10% chance to explode on
death the chances doubled against demons
and Undead Co with judge jury and
executioner your initial hit against
enemies can deal up to 30% of their life
and damage if you're lucky this is great
for hunting powerful bosses
and with witch Bane you can break your
enemies concentration preventing them
from casting spells as often as they
would usually do you could also choose
to become a gamling legionnaire
enhancing your abilities by embedding
gems directly in your flesh integrated
efficiency will give you extra skill
slots what Dermatological infusion gives
you Extra Maximum resistances as you
sock up more and more support
gems adaptive capability allows you to
use any color of gem without worrying
about attributes while crystalline
potential adds extra quality bonuses
toed into your
character so those are the ascendency
classes for the start of Early Access
but one thing we haven't talked about
yet is how you ascend in the first
place Ascension and part 2 requires comp
of one of the great trials find as you
progress through the campaign in
comparon each one is associated with one
of the major cultures of Ray
clust located in the vasty plains are
the Marth a culture of Rich tales and
brutal Traditions who must do whatever
it takes to survive in the desert the
highest position in Marth culture is a
sea and it is not a title given freely I
can't choose all aspirants must complete
the trial of the seers a grooling
gauntlet that will test their strength
will cunning and patience to enter a
warrior of the mar must prove their
worth by trapping the soul of a Jin in a
coin and you are no
different 90% of you will quit after 2
weeks we all your coin bro two weeks is
a long time you get two weeks out of a
game that's hyp as
[ __ ] don't [ __ ] like gatekeep because
of how long somebody plays who cares if
someone plays season for a month each
room has its own challenges to overcome
in this way each rare monster you kill
will send its blood to the Chalice in
the center of the no matter once the
Chalice is filled you will be able to
proceed while fighting monsters in the
trial you will need to be very careful
each hit will not only hurt you but will
damage your honor the monsters are well
telegraphed so that you can avoid their
attacks but if you run out of Honor you
will fail the trial and need to find
another coin in order to try again it is
a good idea to make sure that you are
well prepared before challenging the
trial of the
secondness after each room you will be
rewarded in this case you have been
given a key that can be used to unlock
chests later in the trial once you have
claimed your reward you will be shown a
map of the rest of the floor and may
choose how you wish to proceed which
challenges would you like to face and
which rewards do you want to claim some
rooms are more dangerous afflicting you
with debuffs that will persist for the
entire trial for example entering this
room will afflict you with spiked shell
that will cause all monsters in the rest
of the trial to have 50% increased life
you will want to take care if you choose
such a
path different challenges and rewards
Journey Through the trial deadly traps
waves of
monsters and strange artifacts will test
your
honor as you progress you'll be able to
gain Boon from the Gin which will help
you on your journey for example the
Sea's cloak will revive you once if you
die giving you a second shot at a
run one of the rewards you may find is
Sacred Water an extremely valuable and
treasured resource to the Jin and the
Marth trading it with the Jin will allow
you to receive many benefits you can
recover honor gain additional Bon or
remove
afflictions at the end of the floor
you'll find a powerful boss which will
truly test your limitations in order to
ascend you will need to defeat
him a rattle cage you think Max is going
to play this game he never plays poe1
cuz it's too complicated but this having
defeated the boss you've earned the
right to but first the
loot the keys you have found may be used
to open the various Treasures in the
vault at the end of the floor we only
have a single bronze key so we'll just
have to open one of these small chests
if you want to open the better ones
you'll need silver or or gold keys let's
use the alter of ascendency your first
Ascension will allow you to pick your
class and Grant you two points to use in
the
tree now there are more flaws and many
more rewards that can be found within
the trial of the seus but we'll save
that for the section on the end game for
now let's talk about the second
ascendency trial the trial of Chaos in
path of XL 2 you can choose whichever
trial you like to earn your Ascension
each culture on Ray clast had their own
methods to ascend if the trial of the
seers is not your kind of place style or
you're finding it too difficult you
could try another you can gain all your
Ascension points from just one or mix
and match them it's up to you for Early
Access we will have two trials as
options with a third trial coming later
for the full
release while exploring the vile jungle
you'll discover the Temple of chaos
before the vile embraced the science of
corruption their civilization worshiped
chaos this ancient trial was once used
by the V to test their High priests a
high priest of the vile must show
willingness to risk everything to gain
power entry to the trial requires a
token from a strange entity known only
as The Trial Master for those in which
he sees potential he shall inscribe an
ultimatum many have attempted these
trials in search of greatness most have
perished will you be able to defy the
odds before you begin each chamber The
Trial Master will offer you a reward and
a choice choose one of three
tribulations to affect you through the
rest of the trial these modifiers might
beef up the monsters curse the player or
ADD environmental hazards like turrets
or trap runes in this case we will be
picking shocking
turrets as you enter the room The Trial
Master will fill it with hazards to test
your commitment in this case You Must
Destroy All The Monsters That fill the
room while dealing with the lightning
projectiles from the shocking
turrets what is this for I missed what
this was for
ascending no ascending is
already oh it's a different way to
ascend
oh cuz like they already explained how
you ascend right so I'm
confused after each room you will need
to make a choice take the rewards you
have earned so far or go double or
nothing increase your rewards but take
on more
risk each tribulation you add is minor
on its own but they quickly stack on top
of each other and can become
overwhelming why would they give you
multiple ways to ascend what is the
point of that there are many types of
Chambers in the trial each will test
your resolve in different ways this one
simply requires for a certain amount of
time maybe you get more points by doing
this I don't [ __ ] know another
requires you to escort the stone Idol
through the level as elevators full of
monsters descend to attack you should
you be able to get through the first
three chambers you will face your first
boss the order of the bosses is random
and combined with the tribulations you
have selected the fight will never feel
the same they said in case one is too
difficult for you or you don't like one
same points after defeating the boss you
may claim your
options you also gain the right to
ascend that's crazy if you already did
the trial of the Seas then you can claim
two more points youry class now it's
possible to go much deeper there are
more bosses and risks to take but we'll
talk more about that when we get to end
game that's insane how about we talk
about that now okay so far we've only
been showing you footage from the
campaign but some people would argue
that the end game is where the game
truly begins something that happens
almost every time a new action RPG
launches is people saying there isn't
enough in-game content well we want to
make sure that in pee2 people don't feel
that way and we actually only changed
our development priority for this
recently the first three acts of pee2
already take around 25 hours to complete
if you're a new player this is already a
pretty significant campaign on the other
hand people spend hundreds of hours in
endgame each league we realized that
finishing the rest of the campaign for
Early Access was actually a bad idea
instead of having a four to six in Early
Access we could concentrate on in-game
and make that great for new players a
25-hour campaign is already a huge game
with lots of content but for existing
action RPG players what you mostly care
about is all the endgame challenges to
overcome so several months ago we
switched the entire development team's
Focus over to making ingame content at
the start of Early Access there will be
50 bosses and around 400 monster types
but the great thing is that the rest of
the game is like 80% there we'll be
adding content to roughly double the
size of the game during early access and
into release now in order to make the
end game happen at the same character
level as what it would be after we added
the rest of the acts we've added a
second difficulty level called cruel
where you repeat the campaign with all
the monsters and bosses leveled up and
of course new rewards you can kind of
think of it as like a new game plus it's
also a lot faster to get through the
content the second time as your clear
speed increases that will take you to
around level 65 where the end game
begins
once we add the remaining three acts
we'll be removing cruel difficulty so
you'll progress straight from the end of
act this weird this is weird but what is
the endgame to explain that I'll hand
over to Mark tell you all about it I
don't know about that but hi that's fine
I'm Mark Roberts game director on path
of xile 2 well one thing that Path of
Exile is known for is having a lot of
distinct endgame content to choose
between each endgame mechanic needs to
have its own progression system
bosses rewards and player power that can
only be gained from that content we are
going to be adding a lot more over time
but for Path of Exile 2 we decided to
start with seven distinct systems you
can progress through this is the Atlas
and it serves as the core of the end
game for Path of Exile 2 it's infinite
and expands in all directions now we are
not going to spoil the plot too much
here but corruption from the Beast has
blighted the land and your objective is
to help fight it in at the center of the
atlas you will find the ziggurat a
temple in which the V research the
fundamentals of space and time here we
can open portals to nearby locations and
begin cleansing corruption
Andes in order to power the Portal
Device we will need waist Stones each
waist Stone has a tear which will
determine the level of the monsters that
you will face to go to an area simply
click one that is adjacent to an area
that you have already completed insert
the wa Stone and click Traverse portals
will open allowing you and your party to
travel to the area you have selected all
the areas in the endgame feel distinct
from the locations in the campaign and
we have dialed the randomization up to
11 the monster packs you will face in
each map are totally random and the
combination of them can lead to some
very interesting combat situations there
are over 400 monster types in Early
Access and they have a lot of varied and
interesting abilities depending on which
combinations you face you might find
some serious challenges in order to to
cleanse the corruption from the area you
will need to defeat all the powerful
rare and unique enemies in it once you
have done that the area will be marked
as completed and you will be able to
travel past it to progress deeper into
the world if you die then the map can no
longer be run and you will have to find
another way around to get to the areas
behind it there are also all kinds of
other Random Encounters you might run
into as you play maps one such encounter
are precursor artifacts these are
ancient corrupting monuments that
irradiate the monsters around them the
monsters that feed off the corruption
are drawn to their power if you defeat
the monsters and cleanse the artifact
you will get a powerful temporary buff
some of the Buffs make you faster others
reain lightning or fire around you and
some even give you increased experience
or help you find better items you can
also find strong boxes these enigmatic
chests guard piles of treasure but are
always a trap monsters lie and wait to
attack you the moment you open it and
the boxes often have mechanisms to
unleash powerful spells or dangerous
debuffs there are different types of
strong boxes containing different items
and you can even use your currency items
to craft them on the fly so you can
optimize the contents but be careful of
opening one you can't
handle sometimes you'll discover
monsters Frozen and Essences solidified
crystalline corruption these dangerous
monsters can be broken free if you
defeat them the essence they drop can be
used to upgrade normal items to magic
items with a guaranteed mod from a
category for example we could use this
one on some boats to ensure a movement
speed
mod
nice rarely Essences will also drop that
allow you to upgrade Magics to rares
adding the guaranteed
mod this is incredibly powerful since it
allows you to get a second deterministic
mod in your crafting projects combining
these with the currencies that are
commonly found at Ray class for
modifying items and we can get a very
nice pair of boots
indeed way stones like all items can
also be crafted using your currency
items what the devil adding prefix mods
will improve the rewards while suffix
mods increase
danger the more dangerous a map is the
more way stones will
adding mods to your waist hones is key
to progressing to higher tears and
sustaining them but it will require you
to take on larger
challenges there are a variety of
factors you have to consider when
crafting your wones some maps will have
higher density some lower some have more
magic and rare chests or Monsters some
are more linear and others more open
make sure you explore and think about
what makes certain Maps good if you want
to maximize your
returns as you cleanse corruption from
higher and higher te of the atlas you
will gain points that you can spend in
the atlas tree this tree allows you to
juice the danger and rewards of all
areas in the end game you could increase
the number of Monsters the number of
rares the number of precursor artifacts
or strong boxes even the quantity of
item
drops as you explore the endgame world
map you'll notice various different
biomes from snowcat mountains to dense
jungle valleys most maps are restricted
to certain biomes as you continue to
explore deeper into the atlas there are
all sorts of things to discover these
cities are constructed by different
peoples of Ray clust and have specific
items that can be found there these
strange structures marked on the map
don't appear to do anything for now
perhaps you'll work out how to use them
later you might find unique Maps like
untainted paradise an undisturbed Island
full of beasts that give an extreme
amount of experience you may even find a
lonely man just enjoying his retirement
who will give you a unique item for free
in addition you can find special areas
that would make a good spot to set up
camp clear these areas of their hostile
inhabitants and you'll be able to claim
them as your own Hideout you can
decorate your hideout as you see fit and
invite various NPCs to join you there to
create your own personal base of
operations a great tool for exploration
are Towers these mysterious precursor
constructs are dotted around the atlas
completing the tower will reveal a large
area around it allowing you to scout out
your next challenge there are lots of
things to find so keep looking some
sections of your Atlas are influenced by
corruption this adds extra modifiers to
the maps in the region increasing
difficulty and rewards here slaying
monsters in close proximity to each
other will cause the vestages of
corruption within them to merge together
forming powerful and grotesque
Abominations you may have noticed while
looking at the atlas that some of the
areas have these icons above them the
icon indicates that the area contains
some kind of special encounter this icon
indicates that the area has a powerful
boss because only one and four Maps
contain a map boss we are able to make
them very powerful and very rewarding
these bosses come from the campaign but
have had their difficulty increased with
changes to Ai and some of their
abilities it's worth noting that because
you can see where the bosses are you can
choose to take them on or avoid them if
you do choose to hunt bosses though then
you will be rewarded with special points
for the boss hunting section of the
atlas skill tree the point here will
allow you to specialize in Boss killing
giv greater forting them there's so much
info in it it's great for each type of
content in the end game we are adding
specialized trees in order to make it so
you don't feel the need to Respec your
points when you change between different
types of content we will be showing you
seven of these by the end of this
presentation so there is still a lot
more to come bosses are not the only
icon you will see on the atlas let's
take a look at one of the endgame
systems breach what is happening if you
played poe1 you might be familiar with
breach for Pee 2 we have created sequels
to several pee 1 leagues while the
mechanic is familiar the monsters bosses
rewards and progression are all new a
breach is a tear in the fabric of
reality opening it will allow you to see
the demons and other worldly
monstrosities that lie and wait on this
other plane of existence by engaging
with a bridge you'll create a bridge
between their world and Ray clust in
order to keep the breach open you will
need to kill the demons that pour forth
the the faster you can kill the monsters
the more monsters you will fight and the
more loot you will find you can also
find clasped hands that will open and
drop more items if you run over them
these can be a good boost to the rewards
of the bridge so keep an eye on
them one of the rewards that you may
find while fighting monsters from breach
are
tablets tablets are special items that
can be used with precursor Towers to add
more encounters to the atlas breaches
will drop breach tablets clicking on a
completed Tower will allow you to
consume the tablet to add more breaches
to areas within range of the tower this
makes all the content in the atlas self-
sustaining want to do more breaches find
the tablets add them to your Towers get
more breaches getting more tablets soon
your Atlas will be covered in other
worldly domains in addition like all
items in Poe you can craft them use your
currency to add mods to your tablets
allowing you to upgrade all the breaches
in range tablets can have up to two mods
these mods do things like adding extra
rare monsters extra clasped hands or
even monster density of breaches
allowing you to keep them open longer
often you will find multiple towers near
to each other with overlapping areas of
effect this can allow you to rarely
juice the mechanic by stacking the mods
from multiple
tablets in your fight to hold the breach
demons at back you may want to use the
powers of their world against them each
endgame mechanic always has player power
that can only be gained from that
mechanic and breach is no different in
breach you will find catalysts items
that can increase the quality of rings
and ulet by improving specific mods you
can also find breach Rings a special
base type that can have its quality
improved by catalysts up to 50% in this
case you could create a ring with around
170 life breach rings can become some of
the strongest rings in the game giving
you some good motivation to face the
demon hords in addition each in-game
mechanic needs to have a pinnacle ingame
encounter while killing breach monsters
you may find breach splinters collect
enough of these and you'll be able to
create a breach Stone using a vile
technology called The Realm gate you can
use your breachstone to access their
domain and bring the fight to them in
this Twisted domain you will find
nothing but a single massive breach
triggering it will reveal hordes of
breach
inhabitants and should you be fast
enough you will be able to fight their
leader zest we that are one we that
Dre we in
Nightmare we that our
one
fate
my broken son
this is just one of the Pinnacle
Encounters of PE to we won't be showing
the rest of them so you'll have to
discover them for yourself rest assur
this is some of the hardest content we
have ever made all these encounters have
specific uniques that can only be found
from them but that's not all we still
have the progression system defeating
zest will give you points to allocate
into the breach section of the atlas
tree allocating these points will make
breaches and the breach domain even
harder but will give you more rewards
the small nodes will increase the
difficulty of the Twisted domain while
the large nodes have more specific
bonuses for example this node adds more
clasp hands to your breaches and adds a
pack of magic monsters that can guard
them get some more points and you can
allocate waking nightmare which will
double the number of splinters you get
hands and inflict you with a mysterious
debuff in order to earn more points you
will need to defeat zest at a higher
difficulty and some rewards from zesh
can only be found by increasing the
difficulty of the Twisted domain above
certain thresholds defeating SES at
difficulty 4 will be a challenge indeed
but there are many more threats in
rast ritual altars are sacrificial sites
built by the mysterious King in The
Mists if you encounter this symbol on
the atlas then you know that the area
contains ritual altars ritual altars
demand Tribute every monster you
Slaughter in the circle will feed the
altar after the sacrifice touch it to
begin the ritual the monsters you just
killed will be resurrected by the King
of The Mists dark magic and you must
fight to
survive the tribute you have offered to
the altar can be spent to buy powerful
items but they can be expensive to gain
more tribute you will want to find more
altars each success of ritual you do
within an area will spawn the monsters
revived by the previous ones in addition
to the ones you sacrifice next to it by
the end of an area you will be fighting
a truly imposing number of f significant
amount of Tri to spend one of the
rewards you can probably grabbing the
favorite po1 mechan are special items
that allow for metac crafting crafting
items that affect other crafting items
have an item with good prefixes but bad
suffixes this Omen will help you to
remove the mods you don't want while
keeping the ones you do there are a
bunch more of these with different
effects but we will leave them for you
to discover now don't forget that ritual
will also drop tablets which can be used
to specialize into getting more rituals
if you want to get to the Pinnacle boss
of ritual then you will probably want to
use them they can also be crafted to
Grant mods making your rituals more
rewarding the Pinnacle Encounter of
ritual is the king in The Mists feared
by the asir people he is said to have
brought Eternal Darkness to the Wildwood
we won't show the encounter but just
like breech there are a range of unique
items you can get for defeating him and
you will gain points at the ritual
section of the atlas tree
some maps have been touched by Insanity
a mysterious entity has taken a special
interest in you step through the Looking
Glass and you will find your nightmares
coming to life when you touch a mirror
The Mists of delaria will spread out
across the area infecting your mind you
must stay within the mess to maintain
the nightmare which is as profitable as
it is terrifying everything you kill
will increase the rewards that drop
however the deeper into the M you travel
the stronger the monsters are be careful
not to overstay your welcome
rare and unique enemies will become
vessels for terrifying demons who will
manifest out of them to unleash powerful
attacks on you the Mist also offers a
strange crafting material distilled
emotions by combining these emotions you
able to inst your UL with a notable from
the passive skill tree this is like
gaining an extra passive point for free
attached to your gear they are also
particularly great because you don't
have to Traverse the tree to get them
allowing you to get off class bonuses
that would normally be much harder to
get
distilled emotions can also be used to
instill your endgame Maps applying
Delirious to them and adding additional
difficulty and rewards allowing you to
further juice your in-game Maps the
tablets you can find from delaria can be
used to further improve it increase pack
size make the fog dissipate slower or
improve your progress towards the
Pinnacle Encounter of delirium speaking
of which every now and then you will
find simulacrum splinters the mysterious
entity will create strange encounters
based on warped versions of your own
memories monsters and simulacrums come
in waves that get progressively more
difficult you will receive loot at the
end of each wave and you'll have to make
the decision to leave now or continue on
facing up against even tougher foes from
the Mist the bosses you will face as you
get deeper into a simulacrum are truly
terrifying if you can complete a
simulacrum you will gain points for the
delirium section of the atlas skill
tree next up we have Expedition
occasionally while clearing corruption
you will encounter these curan settlers
the Cal gurans have discovered ancient
burial sites with lost versium artifacts
and they want you to help dig them up
with explosives the curant have marked
the locations where the relics can be
found Place explosives as best you can
to dig up as many as possible there is
just one problem corruption has brought
the corpses of their I'm not an
expedition might a little reclaim theact
you can also find remnants the
destruction of which will further anger
the Restless Dead each one you blow up
will make the subsequent monsters more
powerful but also more
rewarding danig Rog tujan and Gwyn will
exchange the artifacts for useful items
and runic magic you can also find
tablets to increase the number of
expeditions and the
rewards this one increases the radius of
explosives while this one increases the
number of remnants you will
find eventually you might discover a log
book these are special Maps full of
berry treasure and Relics essentially
one giant
digite here you can create an extremely
long chain of explosives and go through
a very high number of remnants but be
careful many remnants have mods that can
really break your build you want toid
these ones if you add too many remnants
easily make the encounter harder than
you can there are all sorts of
interesting things buried under the
ground in log books you might find
dripping caves and hidden pirate CES the
most powerful encounter is oloth the
ancient Undead commander of the Knights
of the sun defeating him will grant you
unique rewards as well as points to
spend in the Expedition section of the
atlas tree so those are the endgame
systems on the atlas but we are not done
yet the trials we talked about earlier
have much more content when you get to
endgame 2 just like the other endgame
systems they also have progression
mechanics unique rewards and player
power that can only be gained from them
as you get higher level coins for the
trial of the seers you will unlock more
floors to
explore each floor has its own
challenging brooms and a floor boss that
you will need to
kill there are four floors in total
leading to another Pinacle boss at the
end of the last floor which can only be
accessed at in the trial of the seus is
where you'll find Jewels which you can
socket into your tree these are like
passives that you can craft with your
currency items they can be really
powerful as they allow you to stack
modifiers that may not be easily
accessible on the tree normally this
Jewel gives lightning damage and shock
chance for example there are quite a few
Jewel sockets on the tree so it's
possible to gain a lot of power here
there are also other types of jewels
that don't provide any bonuses
themselves but affect other passive
surrounding them this Jewel increases
the effect of small nodes and radius by
25% with careful placement in the tree
you could get a significant amount of
power from it there are also unique
Jewels available with very interesting
effects but you will have to find those
for I that was fine in order to push
further into the tri and uncover the
secrets of the Marth you will want to
take advantage of its progression system
relics relics are items that can be
placed in The Relic alter as you start
the trial they give special bonuses that
affect the trial making it easier and
increasing its rewards of course you can
craft these with your currency items
making them even stronger if you can
complete the entire trial overcoming all
four floors the final boss will reward
you with one of many unique relics these
relics will be consumed when used on
your next run but can reward you with
unique and Powerful items for example
this is the last flame if you use it you
will have only one honor for the entire
trial so you will need to do do a
completely hitless
run the trial of chaos also extends into
the end game as you gain inscribed
ultimatums of higher and higher levels
the number of chambers that you can go
through increases in true vile style
this allows you to take even more risks
for even more rewards at end game you
can progress through up to 10 Chambers
with three bosses on a single run
stacking 10 tribulations on top of each
other will make this a significant
challenge but it's worth it the trial
Master will tempt you with items of the
V Empire such as V orbs V orbs are
powerful crafting items that corrupt
your gear with random mysterious
outcomes corruption prevents an item
from being modified further so it has to
be the last step of your craft but it's
also the most impactful one for example
if you use one on your body armor it
might add a new powerful enchantment or
it might roll up to half of its
modifiers file orbs also have the
ability to add a socket allowing you to
bypass the normal restriction of how
many sockets an item can have a body
armor could get up to three sockets this
way allowing for a significant number of
mods file orbs can even modify uniques
adding enchantments or sockets to
uniques can make them incredibly
powerful but there is a good chance that
you will break them as well The Trial
Master will also occasionally offer you
Soul cores originally formed by chaos
the vile sought to replicate Soul cores
through human sacrifice rituals and
blood magic to power their civiliz Iz
ation Soul cores are powerful socketable
items with mods that cannot be obtained
from regular
runes like all in-game content there is
of course a pinnacle boss the final
chamber will drop keys to this
mysterious door some say this is where
the Trial Master himself resides perhaps
you are willing to take the risk to find
out had enough yet because there is
still just one more thing the most
difficult content in path of XL2 while
mapping you might come across this
Fortress that has emerged from
underground surrounded by an enormous
maze riddled with danger is the maze
preventing something from getting in or
something getting out this Fortress Is
of ancient origin and its construction
has similarities to the towers and
tablets that you have been using on your
journey through the endgame it is clear
from the entrance that there are three
keys required to enter local factions
are vying for access to The Fortress in
order to seize the power they believe
will be inside each of the faction's
leaders have managed to get their hands
on one of the keys so you will need to
defeat them each faction is led by an
Uber act boss you can see one of them
inhabiting the city but in order to
fight him you will first need to defeat
their two lieutenants in the adjacent
zones be careful if you fail against
either of the lieutenants or to kill the
leader they will move on and you will
need to find them again kill all the
Uber bosses and you will gain access to
the Fortress we aren't going to spoil it
as we can't wait to see you guys attempt
it for the first time but is there a
tree you get points in after killing it
of course of course there is this is
path of xile there is always another
tree so these are your challenges for
Pee 2 as you can see this project is
crazy huge way bigger than even we
expected when we started out but how do
you gain access well during Early Access
you'll need a key to get in to thank our
existing pee supporters who have spent
more than
$480 we'll be giving you guys a key for
the PC version for free anyone else who
wants one can get one by purchasing one
of the new Early Access supporter packs
that have just been released to the
store if you just want early access to
pee2 then you can get a key in the $30
Early Access pack the pack also comes
with $30 of points to spend in the MTX
store but we also have a variety of
other supporter packs filled with
exclusive microtransactions points to
spend in the store and even physical
items the Cosmetics can be used right
now in pee 1 and in path of XL 2 when
Early Access starts most of this footage
has been recorded they do $480 packs I
don't know if you knew that you don't
have to buy it though I always do the
Lord of augum supporter pack contains a
cosmetic armor set befitting of the
count of augum himself there is also a
matching back attachment which has an
alternate variant depicting the
influence of
corruption also in this pack you can
find a portal formed of The Rusted armor
of the Fallen Soldiers and the red veil
of augum and The Offspring of a vicious
Crowell boss found in the hunting
grounds this one doesn't look so vicious
though on top of that you'll receive the
iron counts yander to apply to your
one-handed or two-handed swords for
those who are wanting to decorate your
hideouts with fond memories and tales of
path of exile's History you will also
get a series of Hideout statues this
pack contains the statue of HCK for path
of xl1's closed beta each pack contained
a true New Zealand icon the Kiwi
following this tradition all packs in
the series will also contain a new
themed kiwi p those [ __ ] evil Birds
the pet Will loyally Follow You into
battle but run away at the first sign of
trouble become the ruler of the desert
with the king of the farad and supporter
pack show your Mastery of traversing the
Sands of the vaser Plains the body armor
will allow you to Glide along the ground
with ancient Sand magic now each armor
set comes with body armor boots gloves
and helmet but the boots are covered in
sand if you'd prefer to show them off
you can turn the gliding off if you
want that's cool the accompanying back
attachment equips you with two powerful
pillars that can control and manipulate
lightning they will perod ially release
their energy in a powerful blast while
in town and hover in a circle around you
arcing lightning between them forming a
barrier of
energy replace the appearance of any bow
with the faden's glory skin or replace
the appearance of a spear with the
tyranny's end spear skin this spear skin
can be applied to staves and War staves
in path of
exile1 if you want to truly show your
worth as a king of the fadin then you
definitely need your trusty moving
entire city Fortress known as the
dreadnut to travel across the vaser
plains in Path of Exile you can decorate
your hideout however you like and it's
no exception here it comes with a
variety of thematic elements to use or
use decorations from elsewhere in the
game Additionally you will get the dash
rat's blessing level up
effect the king of the farad and kiwi
pit and last but not least a statue
depicting the vile overol from path of
XL1 for those who don't know how
supporter Packs work each pack comes
with all of the Cosmetics from the
previous tier so you'll get all the
items from The Lord of AUM supporter
pack as
well the thorge of the V supporter pack
features an armor set and back
attachment themed around the V and their
pursuit of Science and
progress you can find the soulle core
weapon effect in this pack which causes
thorat tgic energy harnessed from
sacrifice to spill from your weapon this
pack also contains Doan's Idol it
replaces the default appearance of any
pH to an ancient Relic once used by Doan
and this can be applied to Shields in
Path of Exile 1 that's not the only vile
weapon you'll find it also contains the
wand of the thorge skin and the Royal
sacrifice dagger skin is it the $480
pack I think it's the $480 pack next
that's the juicy one dude the 480 is the
juice re of thei I want to see it and
the statue of Dominus this is also the
first pack in the series with a physical
item when purchasing in this pack you'll
receive a path of XL2 logo t-shirt but
if you don't want one you can opt out in
return for additional points to spend in
the store becoming a war of the cardo
supporter will grant you an armor set
and back attachment adorned in Jade
carvings and iridescent feathers
resembling power enough to even impress
the ancestral Gods specifically tukohama
the cardo God of
War Overkill you say I think the cardo
people would disagree why not drop a
gigantic totem on rare enemies you slay
to crush them to a pole that's cool
replace your crafting bench in your
hideout with the ancestral canoe
crafting PCH where ancestral Chief Mara
will summon a giant canoe manned by coui
Warriors to Aid in your crafting desires
they must all start
somewhere you'll also get a pair of
weapon
skins equip aoa's fing axe skin to your
oneand or two-handed axes or tukohama's
Crusher to your one-handed or two-handed
Maes
a true caroi warlord is always
accompanied by their yeah they're
showing us a poe1 right equipped with
armor and harnessing ancestral magic
inventory was1 I'm pretty sure so once
one in R Malachi was slain by a powerful
Exile May the statue commemorate the
virtue of exile's past present and of
the
future of course it's not all about
dressing up in game you'll want to look
good in real life too by becoming a
warlord of the
also get A2 hoodie look at look how he
mov our final te of supporter pack in
this series Liberator Rass supporter
pack The Liberator of Ray clast armor
set and back attachment come made with
the finest materials in Ray clast and
shattered glass mosaics suspended in
divine
power set up your base of operations and
the beacon of Salvation Hideout wait why
restrict yourself to just one Island all
of the skins that I bought in poe1 are
they going to be in po2 all the money I
spent and [ __ ] cuz that's [ __ ] cool
if so
that you can use to R between them
that's dope just walk to the peers click
a boat to enter and navigate as you
choose decorate each island as you see
fit to best represent your well- earned
Hideout everyone in your hideout can use
their own boat why not have some
races you can also get the window to
Twilight portal effect a beautiful
Mosaic piece of art that shatters and
reveals a gateway to your desired
destination as you approach it as you
walk away the glass magically reforms
back to its original form
Rule and style with the Throne of the
ruler map device sure this map device
can create portals to endgame Maps but
it also comes with a throne you can sit
on to oversee your growing Kingdom look
down on the plebians running your
Maps being the Liberator though is not
just about sitting on your Throne all
day if you do decide to join the fight
yourself you can leave a high priest in
charge your second in
command Liberator of Ray class
supporters will also get a set of varied
weapon skins we just opened it the light
of divinity scepter skin
the Deliverance crossbow skin the
Justice flail skin and the Redemption
Shield
skin I'll show that in a second once
again you'll have an accompanying kiwi
and of course a statue depicting one of
the most iconic events in Ray class's
history the battle between a powerful
Exile and kitava the
insatiable with the help of two deities
sin and innocence the Exile was able to
defeat him once in for all this
supporter pack also contains the path of
XL 2 art book this 250 page full color
art book includes a huge amount of
amazing concept art and lore produced
during the long and exciting journey of
path of excel 2's
development and finally path of XL has a
tradition of letting the community
participate in designing game features
for path of XL 2 be adding the Twilight
order foil
requery by becoming a liberator of Ray
class supporter once path of Exel 2 is
released you'll be able to UNI item you
have found and be able to drop it from
the requery once players have submitted
their items keys to the requery will
start dropping and other players will be
able to find foil versions of uniques
that you have submitted along with a
message for the lucky player the more
players submit the same unique the more
chances there will be for the requery to
drop them so Choose
Wisely now almost all of these items are
available to use in poe1 right now there
are a few exceptions where the item
class clearly doesn't exist such as
crossbows or flails and there are also a
few microtransactions on weapon types
that are unavailable in pee2 at the
start of Early Access once class is that
use those weapon types are added those
microtransactions will be available to
use if you can't decide which supporter
pack to choose yet you can always start
with the Early Access supporter pack
that just includes a key and some points
to spend in the store then you can
upgrade to any of the following tiers at
a later date these supporter packs will
be available for purchase throughout
Early Access we' really like to thank
you for your ongoing support without you
guys path of xr2 could not have
happened now I'm sure you guys have a
lot of questions stick around because
coming up next we have a live Q&A with
CD oh
live
live that's cool that was a lot that was
a
lot
so I'm ready to log in